Release v1.21.0 (#346)
valory-xyz/open-aea: HISTORY.md

# Release History - open AEA

## 1.21.0 (2022-09-28)

Packages:
- Adds support for running local ACN nodes

> - Ports `ledger` and `http_client` connections as valory packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Converts `ledger` and `http_client` connections to valory packages and syncs them with `open-autonomy` versions of the same packages
```

> - Ports `http`, `ledger_api` and `contract_api` protocols as valory packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Converts `http`, `ledger_api` and `contract_api` protocols to valory packages and syncs them with `open-autonomy` versions of the same packages
```

> - Merges packages from `open-autonomy` and `open-aea` repo to prevent code duplication

Reviewer: would remove

Tests:

> - Fixes flaky timeout tests

Reviewer: where?

Author: https://github.com/valory-xyz/open-aea/pull/340
